Update public documentation to include restrictions for backwards incompatible changes (#14731)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/connector-development/best-practices.md

Most APIs enforce rate limits. Your connector should gracefully handle those \(i.e: without failing the connector process\). The most common way to handle rate limits is to implement backoff.

## Maintaining connectors

Once a connector has been published for use within Airbyte, we must take special care to account for the customer impact of updates to the connector.

### Schema Breaking Changes

> For connectors that are GA certified or highly used by customers, we should not introduce backwards incompatible changes into a stream's schema that impact how existing data is replicated and represented in the downstream destination. The schema serves as a contract with customers to define how data is synchronized and subtractive changes can negatively impact their workflows built on top of Airbyte. The following types of changes are to be considered to be breaking:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For connectors that are GA certified or highly used by customers, we should not introduce backwards incompatible changes into a stream's schema that impact how existing data is replicated and represented in the downstream destination. The schema serves as a contract with customers to define how data is synchronized. Subtractive changes can COMPLETELY BREAK a customer's workflows built on top of Airbyte, sometimes in a silent way. 

The following types of changes are to be considered to be breaking:
```
